#### Q1
・to calculate acceleration from current velocity and target velocity, use  Newton’s motion equation
  v**2 - current v**2 = 2a*distance

and Newton’s motion equation require distance, so DBW node subscribe final_waypoint topic and current_pose to calculate distance of current position to target position

##### My thoughts:
I think we can do it as following. Say we have current velocity v1 and target velocity v2. So ideally we need to reach v2 as soon as possible. But of course that would be jerky, so we want to ensure that acceleration and jerk are within bounds (we can borrow a lot for the controller project we did as part of the first term). 

So basically the waypoints which is generated by Vishal. You need to take them and change the velocities in the beginning. From v1 to v2 ensuring they are gradual, but not too slow. So ideally just below the max acceleration and jerk values. 

So the correct equations to use would be. 
a = dv/dt (for acceleration)
jer= da/dt (same as that used in Controller project)


#### Q2
・How to calculate break force. should I use wheel radiance? or some of car property?

##### Ans: 

Quoting from text in lesson 5 DBW Node:

---
Brake values passed to publish should be in units of torque (N*m). The correct values for brake can be computed using the desired acceleration, weight of the vehicle, and wheel radius
---

So if decipher this. Torque T should be: 
T = N* m 
  = accler * mass of the car * wheel radius

The acceleration value should be calculated using the the current position and the closest way point, I guess. And of course, this would come into play, only when the car is slowing down. 


#### Q3
to gently approach target point, need to use PID controller, but how? to solve this question, I will relearn the lessons.

##### My thoughts: 
I think, in the first cut of implementation, it should be okay to just apply the above logic (of acceleration and jerk within 10 m/s^2 and 10 m/s^3 respective thesholds). We can use PID controller if needed, later on. As a further improvement,

#### Q4

what is lowpass, and how to use this?

Ans: A low pass filter also achieves similar results. Basically would remove high frequency values and smoothen them. This may again be used to have gradually changing velocities in consecutive way points. We don't have to use this implementation. I would suggest revisiting the path planning project of yours. 

#### Q5
・the throttle value ranges 0 to 1, and then I don’t know how to calculate using acceleration
・what is lowpass? how to use? or even I don’t know that I should use or not.

##### Ans
That's a good question. I would suggest, looking at discussion forums on how the throttle values map to acceleration values. 